Arena Simulator is a simple betting and arena fighting simulator.

The goal is to earn money on betting and winning arena fights with player's own team. (Win condition is 2000 gold coins).
The game is lost when the player goes bankrupt (0 gold coins).


The game starts in the Arena View and the player can get back to this view by clicking the "Go to arena" button.
Teams of gladiators are randomized whenever the player hits "New Arena" button. First arena fill is free, but every reroll costs 3 gold

When the arena is filled, a player should place his bet (10 gold coins) and after that they can click "Fight!" button.
If the team the player betted on wins, player gets 20 gold coins.


There are 2 buttons in the fight window:
"Start" button starts the fight.
"Skip" button speeds up the fight.


Every fighter has his own statistics. It's player's job to decide which team is stronger based on those.
There is a counter mechanism attached to armor and attack types:
Steel attack type deals 100% of damage to every armor type and steel armor gets 100% of damage from every attack type.
Demonic attack type is the best versus soul, good versus ice, bad versus molten and the worst versus dark.
Spiritual attack type is the best versus dark, good versus molten, bad versus ice and the worst versus soul.
Fire attack type is the best versus ice, good versus soul, bad versus dark and the worst versus molten.
Water attack type is the best versus molten, good versus dark, bad versus soul and the worst versus ice.

Additionally melee fighters deal a bit more damage to other melee fighters and a bit less damage to range fighters.
Range fighters deal a bit more damage to other range fighters and a bit less damage to melee fighters.

Enemy front line will defend their back line, so melee fighters prioritize enemy melee fighters.


If the player clicks the "Go to creator" button, they move to the Creator View, in which they can:
Hire gladiators for their own team ("Hire" button") - costs 20 gold coins.
Dismiss available gladiator from the list of fighters available to hire ("Dismiss" button) - costs 5 gold coins.
Fire a gladiator from their team ("Fire" button).
Edit owned gladiator's name ("Edit" button).

There can be no more than 6 gladiators available to hire and 4 gladiators in player's team simultaneously.
New gladiators will become available every time a betted fight takes place.

Once the player has 4 gladiators in their team, they can go to arena with them. If the player's team wins, the player will get 200 gold coins.